@1
The krieger (Widder/Mars) 					

The aggression, the penetration ability, conquest, the author,
the phallische strength, the energy of the new beginning

You are in a stagnation. Your rage and your annoyance laehmen
you. Your energy and capacity to act would be here demanded. Only in
the resolution for acting you recover your forces and have thus the
chance on a new start. And in this, by meeting your forces again in
you, the krieger, whom our picture shows, may along-play again.


@2
The loving (Stier/Venus) 					

The value, the possession, sociability, physical
attractiveness

You feel worthless in your inside. You must learn to honour
your body as dwelling of your entire Seins - without it over to
evaluate. Now the time to compile you is a feeling for your own value
- and the things as that see, what they are actually: Things. Then you
can accept and your place, like that as both are, without having to
change something, but with a re-valuation.

@3
The mediator (Zwillinge/Merkur) 					

(Goetter) messenger, the intellect, the contact, the spectator,
the actor, the ease

You are for the moment dissatisfied with your situation of the
everyday life. The wings of merkurs, and i.e. above all its ease are
missing to you. Look at you first your situation left and with
distance, place you to the facts essentially and neutrally. However
with difficulty your way may be, on Hermes rockers you will be able to
connect the down (the unconscious) with the above (the conscious one).
And then from a neutral position you to watch can - perhaps with an
indulgent or schelmischen smile.

@4
The nut/mother (cancer/moon) 					

The femaleness, the family, the small child, the feelings, the
devotion, the accepting ability, soul history

You must learn to erspueren and accept your "internal child"
or your female side. You must begin to come with your "internal child"
into contact to embrace it and agree with him. I.e. you must gain a
piece of homeland, so that you can come to you and to your feelings
home. Yes, it can - whether as a man or as a woman - around your own
female side. You find security only in you.

@5
The Ego (lion/sun) 					

Power, wanting, the singularness, the glory, the generation
strength, creativity, the sexualitaet

In you a lack of aliveness exists for the moment. You lost the
entrance to your strength. Where did the life remain? You must begin,
your identity, yours be, to express. At the end of this enterprise you
revive again. The strength, which to aliveness, those you miss for the
moment, return a little more to you. The sun comes up again, a new day
begins. You are then also again with the heart with the thing.

@6
The maid (Jungfrau/Merkur) 					


The reason, the adjustment to the necessity, the
Rationalitaet, the modesty, the mental rejection

For the moment you refuse yourself to a life situation. You do
not want to bend yourself it. And nevertheless you must adapt your (to
found) situation and with a decision between head and belly should the
head, the reason, which win upper hand. When result of your learning
process does not stand in this case the large treasure at the end of
the rainbow, but quiet, inconspicuous adjusting, understanding
arranges itself with that your soul again and takes contently the
place, which is entitled to her. Here it is baking the "small rolls",
which bring welfare.

@7
The partner (Waage/Venus) 					

The other one, the relationship, reconciliation, the Symbolon,
the mirror, the addition, the better half

You are not ready for the moment to look into the mirror of
the other one and what you see there to recognize as yours. It goes
really finding you with this map therefore that you learn, in the
other one again and with the internal and outside partner again into
an equilibrium, again into an agreement comes. The "Symbolon" would
like to close (here) and to connect the parts striving apart again
back. 

@8
The leader (Skorpion/Pluto)
					

The devil, the conception, the idea, the suicide, the
commitment, the adjustment, the Fanatismus, the underworld

You ran yourself in somewhat inside. You sticks. Thus make
clear to you, which idea has you for the moment in its claws. You do
not need to do more - in addition, not less. A metamorphosis must take
place. The old pictures must shatter, as once the golden calf by Moses
of ' impacts shattered. At the end each conception (each picture)
dissolves like nebulas in the sun. It (it) it never really lived.

@9
The Verk¸nder (Schuetze/Jupiter) 					


The priest, the Missionar, the internal therapist, the faith,
the insight, the philosophical view of the world

Where does your understanding or your memory remain, to your
own soul history for the moment? You should learn here to remind you
to look for but not the sense in outside. Thus it is open and more
tolerant at the time that you become somewhat further. Only then you
are able to come your soul history more near. Mnemosyne, the goddess
of the memory, can promise a treasure to you. Indeed: Self realization
is the only wealth in the soul.

@10
The master (Steinbock/Saturn) 					

The regularity, the responsibility, the fate, the old person,
death, the compassionless teacher

You are internally hardened, a tank tightened and nobody dare
for some time to penetrate to you through or wish yourself to arrive
into the proximity of your inside. And that is also correctly like
that. Now it concerns to regard Ernst of the life and become on your
current way a piece of "adults". In addition you must learn to
understand that over you an objective fate waltet. A power (the power
of the fate), which you not affect can and which you must bend
yourself, or: before which you must bow yourself. It concerns also
that you must take the responsibility for this fate. And if it visibly
arises, then (answer for) you answer to it with a clear.

@11
The fool (Wassermann/Uranus)

The Entbinder, the liberty, the outsider, "protects" hero, the
steppe wolf

You lost for the moment the entrance to, which actually means
"liberty" in the most characteristic sense: Detachment. And so would
like you the momentary situation to out catapult from old and an
outdated position become. It now concerns, which you must go through a
development process, which you - without whom you noticed it correctly
- wings grow let. Thus: Learn to fly! 

@12
The angel (Fische/Neptun)

The truth, the goettliche spark, the wisdom, the intuition,
the dream, the illusion

You lost yourself a piece far. Haste you by illusions the view
of your truth atomises and adjusts. Solve you thus again and again a
piece far from outside, go into the meditation and look inward. The
goal of your migration is not to be recognized at first sight, it is
not visible in outside. But inside your soul the star of the truth
experienced of you will light up sometime.

@13
The defiance (Krebs/Widder, moon/Mars)

The destructive child, the anger, "Haen small", rage in the
belly, hate on the nut/mother, refusal of the femaleness

You have "belly pain", because a small furious child raves in
you, trommelt with his fists against your internal and wants out. Only
if you were for a long time enough child and all realized the feelings
of defiance, rage and annoyance, you can close peace with this small
"tormenting spirit". Then only you can take it into your arms, and its
resistance (a daily) - as with small children like that is - with a
deep sigh and a "sweet tiredness" will there-melt.

@14
The two faces of the EH (cancer/bull, Mond/Venus)

The role conflict, feeling ambivalence, two souls in a chest,
a wife and a loving

You stand before a decision and cannot not meet her. Because
two souls live in the female side of your chest and argue: You want to
be loving or nut/mother (as a man: do you want to have a loving or a
nut/mother)? The map requires of you that you become acquainted with
your halfheartedness. Yes, two shapes have their place in in your
soul, both have their time, and both are close to you much - only
itself they do not like! Accept its distance from each other.

@15
The discussion (cancer/twins, Mond/Merkur) 					

Speaking about feelings, the client-centered therapy
(psychoanalysis), into contact come with the feelings, the connection of
head and belly

You rather remain at the surface and would like to know
nothing from your feelings. However: It is at the time that you
express, which moves you, which proceeds in you. Only at the end of a
longer way you interconnected head and belly. Then has you neither by
your feelings terrorized (or other one terrorizes), nor refuse
yourself you to them. As soon as you feel it, you can express her. But
make no large thing from it also again not important, so are it now.

@16
The incompatability (cancer/lion, moon/sun) 					

Driving out from the paradies, the double human being, the
marriage, day and night, Yin and Yang

In the depth of your problem a Nichtverstehen is appropriate
or for non--admitting wools of the incompatability in principle
between man and woman. To understand attempts - for one moment - those
in each case different position. Only at the end of the way both sides
do not stand themselves equally opposite with are waived the
incompatability, but you know then that there are both sides and you
appreciate them accordingly. Sometimes you receive here again a notion
of the paradies. And the moments, in which both parties can see
themselves (at the beginning and end of the daily), leave your heart a
little faster to strike.

@17
The welfare service (cancer/virgin, Mond/Merkur)

The compassion, protecting, the itself caring, the grief, the
concern child, the aid syndrome

You surveyed so far that there is someone, which is dependent
on your compassion on your welfare service. Care you. Concern you
around your own feeling life. The nut/mother child relationship in
your inside will only then be again manufactured. You have then no
longer as much fear, feel you so helpless and not delivered any
longer, if you learned to care you for you. To assume you yours.

@18
The family (cancer/balance, Mond/Venus)

Common third, the mental connection, which we, get involved
the confession, in relationship, the Composite, the co-operation

You have to witness contributed to it to something third, but
you refuse in-permitting you on this third. Admit however is called:
Mentally in somewhat inside too and this waters goes too to
through-wade. This common third is more, is than it both together. But
it belonged you, it does not lead an independent existence. It needs
both parents a certain time, so that they let it feed and grow up with
mental Energieen. Then however must their it pull let.

@19
The abortion (cancer/scorpio, Mond/Pluto)

The sold soul, the sacrificed femaleness, the conception of
feelings, mental dependence, the depression, Muetterlichkeit from the
conception

The God of the underworld has you firmly in the grasp. It
waits for you still another far way to the light. First you must into
the depth, into the world of the shade. Only after it you can regain
your entrance to the alive one. You sacrificed too much: Pictures and
conceptions of feelings, which were replacement and fraud. Much must
tear yourself you then almost "from the soul". This wound will still
for a long time hurt, but to their you become more freely, more
independent. Only after this process the sacrificed parts bind you any
longer, have no more power over you.

@20
Mnemosyne
(cancer/contactor, Mond/Jupiter)

The memory, the therapy, the insight into the soul, the
personal truth, the Musen

For the moment the water of the Lethe flows by your soul, and
you do not have a possibility of reminding you. Mnemosyne would like
to reach and to you communicate you that you are able to solve only
then your problem, if you remember reminding. At the end of your way
has the process, which you had to go through (it was also so
difficult), you an important insight over your inside handed over.
Therefore it went: You rose down there and remembered.

@21
The ice queen (cancer/stone support, Mond/Saturn)

The hardened femaleness, the lonely child, the strict
nut/mother, the debt feelings, the depression

On the reason of your problem is that internal person, who
locked its feelings. The order of this map thus reads: Make not the
world responsible for your hardness, but find it in you. At the end of
the way you can take more responsibility for your own petrified
feelings. You do not charge your own hardness then any longer to the
others. It belongs to you! Only this radical realization will bring
you a kind thaw.

@22
Relieving (cancer/water man, Mond/Uranus)

The emotional detachment, the parting from the childhood, the
frosts of the liberty, the Ungeborgenheit, homeland selling

You do not want to admit that the time of security past is.
You are development overdue already longer time, and it is high time
to slip out of the egg and to prepare you for a new development phase.
If you hatched however, it is rather cold in the beginning, but
belonged - as you know - for. With the time you increasingly more
strength to close up and your soul become "befiedert". That is - after
Platons words - which most important, which can happen to a soul. 

@23
The Sleeping Beauty slumber (cancer/fish, Mond/Neptun)

The dream, the longing, the Ungeborene, the verwunschene soul,
the intuition, waiting, the woman in the realm of forgetting,

You are for the moment homeless, ungeborgen and wait. That is,
you are discovered your (own internal) ungeborenes child and feel that
it is not in its current situation at home. As long as you search
however in outside, you search in vain. You learn however with the
fact that beside the visible world a much deeper and larger invisible
world is present, and for these you - sooner or later - will find a
leader. It, whose name "intuition" reads, shows you the miracles
objectives, the "world behind the world" and lets you yours however
its forget.

@24
The fight (lion Widder, sun/Mars)

The aggressive struggle for power, the Pyrrhussieg, the
self-destruction, the self-gate, the mirror fencing

You involved yourself into your own aggressions. So that you
are for the moment even your worst enemy. Your current task is it to
seize new areas to fight for for you a new place. In addition you are
to learn that the enemy in outside in each case a reflection the one
your internal person and thus some of you are. It does not mean
nevertheless that by this knowledge a necessary FIGHT is to be
prevented, but: You get the freedom of choice whether you want to
fight or not, back. You must learn not to over-evaluate the martial
urge of your Egos.

@25
The Herrscherin (lion/bull, Sonne/Venus)

Female power and strength, gloss and splendor, the queen, the
employment of sinnlichen means and erotischer radiant emittance

You make yourself dependent on a Ego position, which you can
reach only by means of others or only by means of others reached. So
your own value has thus hardly a foundation. You must learn check up
that your position second, thus not its own king is. You depend on
others (also of your subjects). Friendly and loyal you should use this
position without wrong modesty, without having to hide the borrowed
feathers/springs. You will become a genuine queen only in such a way.

@26
The actor (lion/twins, Sonne/Merkur)

The role, the self-manifestation, the borrowed identity,
"theatre", the window blind, Intellektualisieren

You do not suspect that you play a "role" in your momentary
situation only. But whom one could bring behind your mask to the
appearance? Who is at all still present? Yes, you must know, you play
a role, but you must no longer absolutely identify yourself with it.
You can take it easily, if you know, it are only one play. And you can
admit it to you and the other one also calmly. And who could still
expose you then?

@27
The ill king (lion/virgin, Sonne/Merkur)

The patient, the Freudlosigkeit of the everyday life, the
exhaustion, the escape into the illness, the patience

You flee yourself into a condition, which could be
misunderstood as illness. For you "Ego everyday life" is announced.
Your days are equivalent lasting grey and colorless. It is the topic
"is enough for while". You must learn to wait you to be and every now
and then patient in the sense of "patientia", patient carrying of
necessities, bearing the small average things of the everyday life.

@28
The wedding (lion/balance, Sonne/Venus)

The love (the falling in loveness), the pair, the high point,
the euphoria, the luck in the relationship, the Vereingung of the
contrasts, the dependence on the relationship

You try to carry out your luck over other humans. It is to
become a supplier for your love. But you discovered your love already
once - without the other one - in you? Do you see? And so you must
really only once learn to go with the other one the common way. The
love is your guide, and you will return to it. Then you find your love
- over the other one - also in you.

@29
The Magier (lion/scorpio, Sonne/Pluto)

The attempt to create lives (the life from the retort), black
ones and white magic, positive thinking, perfectionism, the genetic
engineering

You stand under the spell of a magic act. You are appropriate
in mental chains, live along a conception (of the life), which costs
you to much strength, much life energy. You should understand that you
are a creature and no creator. You are subject to a higher law - a
larger connection. Only if is filled to you, you will find your peace
and under your true star your course to find. Thus you - sooner or
later - will recognize: All other stars are from "Hollywood" - pretty
pictures, in front Glamour, but in the back from Pappmachè.

@30
Fortuna
(lion/contactor, Sonne/Jupiter)

Luck, which mental width, which tolerance, for which stars
reach, the search for admiration, the optimism, the internal
therapist, the confidence

Deeply in your inside there is a serious lack of zuversicht.
For your way you only and alone need the confidence the fact that you
are a receiving and all "property" from above, from the sky, will
accompany you - and always accompanied. Yes, the trouble can be
worthwhile itself. It concerns that the filling horn, which was always
there can be noticed again. The insights return, and which which one
calls "luck", can again are felt. You should make certain however that
your size illusion holds itself within limits and your Ego does not
lean any longer so far from the window.

@31
The burden (lion/stone support, Sonne/Saturn)

The Muehsal, the conscience, (the fate, the ethics, the debt
feelings, the responsibility he-)Tragen

A stone rests on your soul, on your conscience. The
responsibility is completely alone with you. There is no more father,
who decreases to you somewhat for you. You are completely alone posed
on you, and the life makes heavy for you. But once concerned at the
mountain above, you won again your overview and also your clarity
back. You made then the law and your conscience the yardstick your
life. Or like Kant it expresses: The "gestirnte sky over you and your
conscience in you" become now - as only - for you action-training.

@32
The fall (lion/water man, Sonne/Uranus) 					

The betrayal of the king yard, the revolution, the turn, the
case of the Egos, the power loss, the unfaithfulness

You fell, and can understand nor distort it neither. But the
fall happens also right and with higher necessity. That, even if it
pain-does to the Ego much, applies to accept it. The order reads: Make
you on the search for the fool into you learn to see that also you are
a fool, and that you can become still more fair this role. Your
identification with the king is then smaller, those with the fool then
became larger. 

@33
The retreat (lion/fish, Sonne/Neptun)	

The Ego loss, the meditation, the Ent Ichung, the
inconspicuousness, the Ent Weltlichung, the existenzielle crisis, the
feeling of the nullity

You must for the moment somewhat more of Buehnedes hit life to
disappear. There is nothing more to do straight - for you -. Give you
no trouble. You must for the moment only by a no man's land. In this
country you are to learn to let the things run. Here one can only act
by "Nichthandeln". In the final result you understand that the
solution can be found only on the inside, but not by doing in outside.
You understand then also, what it is called, the eyes outward to close
and her inward open. You make an important development step, which
your Ego smaller, but your existence enrich will make.

@34
The Eros (Widder/Stier, Mars/Venus)

The attraction of the sexes, the Sex, which flirt, body
contact, Cherchez la femme

Humans live not on the spirit alone, he also a body - and
turned around: It does not live on the body alone, it has also a
spirit. In both cases the map says: Care you for your sexualitaet! It
is something with it in the imbalance. You must learn, the range of
the sexual play neither under to evaluate nor over. Sex is - as a wise
says - the most beautiful secondary matter of the world.

@35
The pillory (Widder/Zwillinge, Mars/Merkur)

The gossip, the bad Nachrede, the destruction with words, the
Noergeln, the Meckern (yap), the character assassination, the pointed
tongue

You are about straight to spread a bad Nachrede or - in
reverse - you become straight victims of a character assassination.
None of the two is also only around one interprets more nobly. In both
cases you believe, you would not make what is spread straight, or
would not be. But that is a mistake! Which you kept hidden, are
therefore to the light come, thus you finally to it "stand". The fact
that one stands at the pillory means that one must profess oneself
to its unpleasant sides and in particular to its aggressions finally.
That they now at the surface are and to be regarded can.

@36
The debt (Widder/Jungfrau, Mars/Merkur)

The unintentional act, acting in good faith, the projection,
the author victims relationship, debt and innocence

The author in you struggles for his life, it struggles for
his innocence. It is not possible for you for the moment to leave the
act with you and you the releasing words "I wars!" to admit. Sooner or
later you must accept however that everyone carries people its the
topic of the debt in itself. And that only the paradiesische original
state before the case of sin, before the realization of property was
and bad, a condition outside from DEBT and innocence. Authors and
victims were not yet separate only here, but still one.

@37
The controversy (Widder/Waage, Mars/Venus)

The fight of the sexes, the outer each other setting, the war
hatchet, breaking the Symbolons

You want in a relationship (that can a partner, neighbour,
your family or your friend its), not to admit a conflict. You cover it
too with illusory harmony, have fear of controversy and argument. You
should work yourself slowly to the general irreconcilability of the
sexes near. If you follow the penetration urge of your Ichs, you lose
sight of inevitably "we". If you add yourself the community "we", you
always sacrifice a piece of your individuality. Thus you learn here:
If you cook the chicken, you cannot use it any longer for the
oviposition.

@38
The Vampir (Widder/Skorpion, Mars/Pluto)

The penetration into the soul, the rape, the Hoerigkeit, the
victim, the Untote

Some of you is dead. It does not live, and so you attached to
someone else, auserkoren yourself him to your author and feel
(possibly even) than its victim. But: You made yourself the victim, by
you him, which intruder called. But: The VAMPIR will die (sometime).
You must know that you are afraid this act, but it is likewise the
cure. That does not have to do anything with the fact that you - as a
whole - must die, but the VAMPIR in you, who robs a part of your life
energies from you, will go at the surface - in the light of
consciousness - at the basis and the place will free for a new
beginning. Footnote: You may understand this text only symbolically.

@39
The kreuzritter (Widder/Schuetze, Mars/Jupiter)

The faith controversy, aggressive its mission defend, the
fight against other-thinking one, the persuasive power (to its
conviction stand)

You act against better knowledge (displace your insights
already made) and direct your sword outward against (allegedly)
other-thinking one. With this map you are to learn that insight and
understanding can direct your acting. No more the blindwuetige
aggression prescribes your acts for you, but the conviction dictates
your reflected acting. One fights only too easily - as
Spiegelfechterei - against itself.

@40
The prevention (Widder/Steinbock, Mars/Saturn)

Futile effort, the prohibition, the power of the fate, the
back-up, the Kandare, failure because of the authority

You try to run for the moment with the head by the wall and
do not want not to admit that you cannot align anything with all your
energies here. With this map being supposed east you learn, your
energies in agreement to bring with what demands the fate of you. I.e.
your subjective wanting will have itself to bend a higher intention.
Only by it you can bring your energies (in a new direction inside)
back to flowing. And in such a way you open slowly for the will of the
fate.

@41
The poison dwarf (Widder/Wassermann, Mars/Uranus)

The controversy mutton, the Rumpelstielzchen, the nerve saw,
the Irritator, the drift, the tormenting spirit, the Trickster, which
allied

Your internal persons dances to you - or the others - for the
moment on the nose around. Make you on the search for this - yours
"Rumpelstilzchen". You could make yourself also little hard work this
small person the allied one. Then you depend no longer on the opinions
of the others. - with it - your way go and do not stand any longer
under the obligation to receive or attain the allowance of the others
at any price. Only with this small gnome you can become independent
and free.

@42
The pure gate (Widder/Fi, Mars/Neptun)

The fight against windmuehlenfluegel, the loser, the bum, the
Arglosigkeit, the sleeping krieger, the Energielosigkeit, the dream of
heroism, Parzival

You cannot accept so easily that for the moment few energies
are to you at the disposal to set you apart with the world. You are
for the moment a loser. You must learn to bring to two worlds their
respective tribute. To fight you neither abzuzappeln and against
windmuehlenfluegel to build still castle in the airs which must fall
then again together. You stand with a leg in the this life and with
the other one in the the other world and sometime you understood that
it nothing to or fight for gives.

@43
The Goldmarie (bull/twins, Venus/Merkur)

The Aschenputtel, the female competition, the value
representation, the Pechmarie, the blue sock, the "beautiful one" and
the "ugly one"

Deeply in your inside you feel underlaid. Your self value
feeling suffers under it that you believe either, another person (from
the exterior) makes you colorless and inconspicuous, or that you would
already be long it your whole life. At the end of this problem you
should have learned that the whole representation of your value is
only one role in the theatre. You play. And it is left to you whether
you would like to further-play the play or it explains for terminated.
As also is, both is equivalent unimportant.

@44
Holding (bull/virgin, Venus/Merkur)

The Geiz, the weightyness (set bacon), the subject as
protective wall and prison, the insurance as security

You immured yourself in a certain place and from safety
reasons (and fear) slaves in your own fortress became. An oversize is
straight in the play. The subject has its value and i.e. also their
own Sinnhaftigkeit without doubt. But you should learn, find a
balanced (and not restricting) relationship to this topic. Securities
have their importance, but they are not a self purpose.

@45
The golden cage (bull/balance, Venus/Venus)

Relationship as shank, which partners as possession, which
buy jealousy, the partner, the loyalty

Your relationship has a bitter taste of "to be bought" and
"bought". You are unfreely whether you the "possessing" or the
"possessing" is. You are in the GOLDEN CAGE and become ever more
comfortable and more immovable. But a daily state you that the cage
door was closed never. Two humans, who belong together and give warmth
each other, do not have to include themselves and insure each other.
The loyalty is a so long natural component of a relationship, as
mutually fertilization and growth are possible. Although naturally
also it has its price, because it costs a part of the liberty in each
case.

@46
The puppet (bull/scorpio, Venus/Pluto)

The Barbie doll syndrome, the perfect feature, possessed of
the material form, the Ess disturbance

You hang on invisible threads. You try, without knowing it to
transform into a picture. Figurativ spoken you would like to become a
"larva". And so you must learn - on a long way - to your own,
completely individual, to turn your nature appropriate value back.
Only then you do not have to dance to no more at your conception
threads (or those the others). Your way leads you then out from the
foreignoccupied pictures, the outward appearances, and you not
appropriate values.

@47
Subject and spirit (bull/contactor, Venus/ Jupiter)

The usability of the mental one, which business with the
"Esoterik" (the mental as commodity) the luck acquire, the sparkling
wines

You are straight thereby you important insights to buy to
sell (or it). I.e. which you carry for the moment as your mental
property, and so you do not have belonged at all to learn you that
insights (i.e. mental things) into itself have a value, which applies
only to you. Nobody otherwise can buy it from you, from nobody
otherwise can you it buy. They want to be manufactured, "hand larva"
as it were.

@48
The responsibility for the creation (bull/stone support,
Venus/Saturn)

The responsibility for the world, thus thus also for the
creature and nature, preserving and maintaining, the right to use, the
concern around the dependent ones and weak ones

In any place you act irresponsibly. You come out so for a
long time from a feeling of mental missing and the emptiness not, are
you this Verantwortungslosigkeit - and your responsibility -
remembered. You have now the chance to discover the "holy Franz of
Assisi" in you. Nearly without noticing it to intend (or) some from
you awoke to that to the life, it means good with the creatures of the
world. Thus: Are you for the moment ready to carry responsibility and
manufacture a connection between you and nature?

@49
The parting (bull/water man, Venus/Uranus)

The refugee of homeland, the exile, of sudden one material
break-down, the outsider, local change, friendships go apart (the
betrayal of the friend)

You would like gladly in your secured conditions (thus in
what is) remain. Therefore the fate orders an obligation departure for
you. This happening help you to the more liberty and thus serves it
your advancement. It needs however very many partings, through which
you must go through, in order to learn that there cannot be security
in the material form. Only then you can accept the change of
affiliation and liberty, the natural rhythm of ebb-tide and tide, of
"bind" and "solve". Both has its time and his value. Only humans, who
live with these tides and connect themselves with its fate, find more
peace.

@50
The garden of the spirit (bull/fish, Venus/Neptun)

The world behind the world, the homelessness, one does not
have roots, the Aschenputtel syndrome, no sense for the material, all
visible one is only a Gleichnis

Without noticing it, you are guessed/advised into a dream
inside and wait now for the fact that he fulfills himself. Thus you
fled from the reality - from the requirements of the here and now -.
Such dreams are like drugs: They make passive. "each feature on ground
connection is only a Gleichnis", this sentence must you - sooner or
later - in his whole consequence and depth understand. Then only you
do not need to intervene any longer in the play of the forces, can
passively the Gleichnisse of your world regard and by them you
recognize.

@51
The strategist (twin/virgin, Merkur/Merkur)

The intellectual one, control, the Taktieren, the science,
the life by heart, the diplomat, causality (law of a cause and
effect)

You live for the moment a life on the dry one. A virus keeps
you packed, and its name reads: Reason or still better: Rationalitaet.
You know the water of the feelings only from books and try to get your
world alone with the head regulated. And actually: Before it continues
to go, you should have arranged and clarify only once many things.
Yes, it concerns to learn to understand the expirations of your life
better. A cause and effect should be seen of you as unit, so that you
understand, which causes with necessity which effects to bring out.
And then you can - strategically - afterwards arrange yourself.

@52
Market place of the vanities (twin/balance, Merkur/Venus)

Seeing and, relationship as Ego revaluation, which pastime,
with someone something to undertake, thing in common represent

Your material relationship (or your relations desires) are
for the moment hollow and empty, because there only and alone Ego
desires. All your energies as it were on the surface moved - around it
to decorate there and you there obligingly/pleasingly represent.
Outward appearances are a part of the life, thus also the relations
life. They belong also to the play, and you are to learn to along-pass
on the play without attaching to it all too much meaning.

@53
The Rattenfaenger (twin/scorpio, Merkur/Pluto)

, the Suggestion, the propagandist, the persuading artist,
the purchase craze, the advertisement (pictures, which are to entice
you to something) goes to someone on the glue

Without it to suspect you went to humans or an idea on the
glue. Now this happening keeps you imprisoned, and you are completely
infected and completely taken away of the einlullenden and (admitted)
betoerenden flute tones. No, you are not received, which was promised
to you. I.e., sooner or later you will understand: One held a carrot
for you before the nose, and it can be - if the charm separates - that
you feel then like a donkey. The truth however is: You rose then
finally out of your armchair and without fixed idea and without
leaders loose-went - and around it it went exactly!

@54
Master and pupil (twin/contactor, Merkur/Jupiter)

Learning and the instruction, the mental downward gradient,
the eternal pupil, the hochstapler, the mental noncommitment

Between the pupil existence and the teacher existence there
is a middle point. Around this point you hang for the moment firm, you
in him lost. Yours to knowledge learned today remains noncommittal -
and there is for the moment no mental advancement. You have for the
moment even (heavy) the task, a mental "intermediary" become.
Depending upon need and target group you take up thereby knowledge
only, because you must deliver this knowledge also again. You will
have to learn to be able to do both. Your knowledge does not remain
then longer noncommittal, but it wins a therapeutic strength. It
reaches the depth of the existence and becomes in such a way a
creative river, which fertilizes the country. Then you can accept also
more easily that the river did not concern still for a long time in
the sea.

@55
The physical defect (twin/stone support, Merkur/Saturn)

The handicap, learning difficulties, the contact poverty, the
invalid, the Bedaechtigkeit, clarity in thinking

Your Leichtfuessigkeit went to you for the moment lost. Your
movements are tough and and you step on the place. Now it concerns
only once to learn to take more responsibility both for your thinking
and for your acting. Humans "are sent" often by fate powers on his
way. And there are times, there wanders through it lonely the deserts;
and then it gives again lively time, there may it dance and jump.
Both will become natural also for you, if you will have learned to
take over for the that section of your life the responsibility. Then
only you must move no longer so much, but become the objective,
neutral and patient observer (and thus to a knowing) of its own life
circumstances.

@56
Hans look into air (twin/water man, Merkur/Uranus)

The dream dancer, the reaching for the stars, the Stolpern,
(Freud) the fehlleistung, the inconsiderate, the free philosopher,
small cause-large effect

You survey something. You make the third step before second.
Thus you broke through the natural operational sequence of the things
and resulted now from your rash and over express width unit acting a
gap. And thus you - in the wahrsten sense of the word - hang in air.
Now, now will it time, to break out of the everyday life, to jump out
from the no-load operation of the functions. With this map you must
now learn to read the indications of the sky. The flight of the
butterflies tells you - for the moment - more than the normal "logic".

@57
The silence (twin/fish, Merkur/Neptun)

The invisibility, which is Sprachlosigkeit, "silence gold", a
secret retains, the Funktionslosigkeit, no interest

You in vain try to bring by your saying or acting your world
to functioning. But on mysterious way the things are taken to you
simply from the hand. On your way you must learn to keep many things
for you. And that everyone has to find its own truths and that these -
beyond that - are not representably and not sayable. The true gold
treasure of the silence waits only at the end of the rainbow. Then you
will have understood that there is nothing more to say. You do not
look for then no more for the cat gold of the selbstgefaelligkeit and
self-manifestation.

@58
The relations everyday life (virgin/balance, Merkur/Venus)

The Spannungslosigkeit, the relations obligations, the
Einerlei, the erosion, the missing incentive

One of your relations became pale, it has no more spice. That
can be a dear relationship, a marriage or even the relationship with
your dwelling or your job. Relations contains - always - obligations,
and these demand the fact that you adapts and again learns the
everyday life to appreciate. At the end of the play you should have
understood that the thing in common stands "we" over the Ego aspects
"I". The next step can consist then of the fact that you understand
the "everyday life as exercise". And still you must learn something
here: To be content with the "small luck".

@59
The Kasteiung (virgin/scorpio, Merkur/Pluto

The self punishment, which obligation, to drive the debt out
which Geisselung, which obsessional neurosis, which devil driving, an
ideal serve, which consciences bring to the silence.

You stand in the spell (perhaps very mild form) of an obsession.
Somehow you are imprisoned in the witch circle of the "innocent and
clean be Muessens". Rituals are energy fields, which are produced by
the fact that always-same actions (every now and then common of many
humans) are accomplished. Sooner or later you will have to learn
thereby to differentiate the meaningful rituals (the subordination)
from the senseless (possession seizing). Some rituals give only
strength and energy to the underworld God, and some put them to you at
the disposal. The difference lies whether the ritual (to your memory
or for concentration) you serves, to forget or whether you uses it, in
order.

@60
The Inquisition (virgin/contactor, Merkur/Jupiter)

The verhoer, the intolerance, (political) the Heuchler,
ignoring the other-thinking, the safe feeling for being in the right
the search for "mentally" the guilty ones.

You became a Heuchler, which seeks to prove itself its innocence, by
dealing in an intolerant manner and ignoring with other-thinking one
and Andersglaeubigen one. You grew somehow into the role of a
"Glaubenskriegers" inside. It concerns ever more your confidence to
your faith and to the depth your own mental (and of religious)
experiences. But both can only at the end of a long way. For the
moment are you only anmassend. The map would like to help you, to
become more tolerant (with you and others), so that you do not have to
prove any longer forceful that you are only the knowing. Each faith
direction, which refers to God, has its authorization to lead and lead
the searches. Your way is excluding yours to walk on and thus only
from you alone. Even if you want to let it become true for others, you
both fail.

@61
The fear (virgin/stone support, Merkur/Saturn)

The fear of the life and death, which fear of the darkness,
of the fate are bent, the Gevatter death as a friend, the
unalterability

You are at present as gelaehmt and block thereby your life
energies. You are firmly in the nameless one and must first once turn
and to your FEAR in the eye look. As long as that does not happen, you
cannot find a next step. Give to your fear a name. Schau you also your
fear of death on. Many death you died, perforce and over a laborious
way you to release learned. This map would like to refer to you:
"friend Hein" stands for you to the side and accompanies you as an
allying, on which you can always rely.

@62
The Erinnyen (virgin/water man, Merkur/Uranus)

The spirit of the revenge, the Paranoia (pursuit illusion),
the insanity, the Hinauswurf from the adjustment, of Furien rushed,
strong unrest

You carry a debt in your inside around, and this debt
manifests itself now as a fear happening, from which you would run
away dearest. But it is never useful, before the ERINNYEN of it to run
sometime must you toward it go. Knowing that you cannot escape your
"punishment". Only if you took its saying against, those may change
themselves ERINNYEN. They must be then no more the Zornigen, but they
may transform now to the Sanftmuetigen, to the EUMENIDEN. It is
helpful, if one knows that the Erinnyen in the main punishes a frevel
against own parents.

@63
The deception (virgin/fish, Merkur/Neptun)

The self fraud, which wrong play, bag-player-cheat, the
"wrong Fuffziger", the order in the chaos

You make yourself somewhat forwards, you pray-reprimand
yourself. But usually you projected this self fraud on another, and so
will this different one to the executing aide of your fate and "must"
you deceive. The map wants to help you that one of your life lies can
be exposed. One of the truths, which will lead to it, lies already on
the table. Here you must now learn to find the courage you on the
imponderable to in-permit on the chaos of the life. Likewise you can
learn to live in uncertainty that one can rely only on the
unforeseeableness in truth.

@64
The calamity (balance/scorpio, Venus/Pluto)

The concatenation, relations hell, magic connection, the
black wedding, the Hoerigkeit, Sadismus Masochismus, Pornografie

You are on a picture please, on a conception, and now you are
imprisoned in it. Over your relationship a spell lies for the moment.
The situation requires of you, the Daemon, which you called to look in
the face. Only with a partner, which is certain for you of the fate
(and comes not by you one herbeigezaubert), it to a heart connection
and for a change promoting the development. The sense to be imprisoned
in such a "relations hell" lies to learn in the course of the time the
difference between a marriage and the conception of a marriage, and
between love and the conception of "love".

@65
The "Symbolon" (balance/contactor, Venus/Jupiter)

The sense of relationship, "luck" in the partnership, the
Sakrament of the marriage, partnership as process of knowing, the
golden wedding

You stand in a place, where you faded out any understanding
for your "relations sample". You must take for the moment to the
knowledge: At present the insight into what makes a partnership at all
meaningful, is missing to you. This map means "luck" (or
satisfaction), if it is because of the end of your way. The luck,
which can develop from a community, is meant, which planned creatively
and alive the mental wachstumsstufen of a partnership to erklimmen.
Only under the roof of the temple arrived, you can understand, where
the sense of relationship lies and which meaning has the holy
Sakrament of the "marriage" - also today still -.

@66
The mourning (balance/stone support, Venus/Saturn)

Verlassensein, isolation within a relationship, a mourning
and a mourning work, separating fate powers, the widow

You departed very far from your internal truth. You displace
a pain and prevent in such a way (unconsciously) that the wound can
heal. A time of the mourning and the Vereinsamung lies before you and
the time heals old wounds then only if you clean it with the water of
your tears. (these tears count however only, if you cry them around
the other one. Tears, which you around Deinetwegen pours, are not
suited for nothing at all!) Now, the responsibility for your
relationship is completely on your side. By the end of this
development step you will have recognized that your dependence on the
reactions and tendencies of your partner existed only apparently. You
learn to grow out of from entangling and debt assignments and become
strong and independent. And your tears also!

@67
The separation (balance/water man, Venus/Uranus)

Release, the divorce, the jump from the relationship, the
parting taking, the free its, the relations inability

You do not want to admit that a common schienenstrang in your
life straight was terminated by a switch position and your ways run
apart. (at this switch position none of you carries the debt, or all
two in the ratio 50:50.) In addition: You are in on the way by the
life too much in "we" and too few with you now have you the task to
spread and you your own dear project compile your wings. Sometimes
however it goes compiling also therefore, you within the relationship
your own liberty and you can then in each relationship (in the double
sense of the word!) live. Now only you can feel your wings.

@68
The two king children (balance/fish, Venus/Neptun)

The romantic relationship, the dream partner (in Esoterik
seminars: The dual soul), the Beziehungslosigkeit, the illusion of,
the loving area

You are imprisoned in a relations dream. A disappointment is
on your way your longing after love and a partner is for the moment
only the carrot before your nose, which is to bring you in the motion
and with it into the development. You should know that also an
unfulfillable longing carries a sense in itself. It lets you feel,
what is missing to you, and sends you in such a way on the search.
Thus you come gradually the secret of the life on the trace: That we
everything only one part of the large whole one are and also all the
unit painfully miss.

@69
The black fair (scorpio/contactor, Pluto/Jupiter)

The Anbetung of the Goetzen, religious one and esoterische
dogmas, the unverrueckbare opinion, positive thinking, the
inconspicuous fanatic, Zweifellosigkeit

You ran yourself into an insight and believe now to be in the
possession of the only truth. Into reality you - imperceptibly - went
only to a subtle conception of the truth on the glue. You will find
out that you committed yourself to something mental and thus to
something dead. Alone the insight, those is it already requires, in
order to solve (black) the connection. You do not need to do anything
to see except that you were in the stagnation. Thus the Spuk of
completely alone disappears.

@70
The depression (scorpio/stone support, Pluto/Saturn)

Sticking, petrifying, the chamber of the Lethe, the bolster
of forgetting, the nacht-Seite of the soul

An important area of life of your soul is for the moment in
the condition of petrifying. You want not to know somewhat completely
determined and accept for it the darkness and emptiness. The map says:
Your way leads by the chamber of forgetting, so that you remember.
After the slogan Dantes: "schau and continues:" You have heavy times
behind you, but the light at the end of the tunnel emerges as notion
already. Old structures must change in a tough, lengthy lebensprozess
only. Only then a new form of the aliveness waits for you, which are
not born apparently from that anything. It was not dark evenly still
and you had notion, like it for you continues - and then the sun
suddenly warms up again your heart.

@71
The Phoenix (scorpio/water man, Pluto/Uranus)

The metamorphosis, the Befiederung of the soul bird, fall and
Auferstehung (die and become), disorientation, the Haeutung

Conceptions and thought pattern are again and again condemned
to dying - if they became grey -. But you hold to them, without
noticing that they are outdated already for a long time. Hardly
something in your life can remain in such a way, as it was. A dying
process is on your way, from which you can come out - like a PHOENIX
from ash - only if you have the courage to leave the old situation
really in ruins. Bright multicolored then the Phoenix from the debris
of your past rises - a period of life is to end. Your soul separated
from its rigidity and released. She understands now which it meant to
die within a life and step (born as again) against a perfectly new
section.

@72
The holy light (scorpio/fish, Pluto/Neptun)

Property and the bad (polarity), the conception of the sky,
the hypocrisy, the pleased angel, the Parteilosigkeit

For the moment you go to a dark angel on the glue. Yes, it
applies here to understand that you mounted a Goetzen. That is a good
time to carry shade work out and to expose pictures and conceptions as
what they are: Pictures and conceptions and otherwise nothing. You
will have to learn that there is nothing bright without its shade,
which darkens, and that it nothing dark gives without its shade, to
light. At the end of this process you must seize no more party now,
because you see one in many and many in the one. Thus you become not
holy (that would be only a new carrot), but somewhat possibly
healthier.

@73
The Beichte (contactor/stone support, Jupiter/Saturn)

The confession, the cleaning of the subjective one, the
responsibility of the therapist (priest), insight into the fate, the
bridge between subjective one and objective one

On your soul is a load, which you would have to transform
outward into a confession. Yes, a Beichte would be necessary. But you
believe that thereby a part of your size would shrink, and thus are
you perfectly right. You suspect now also that and where you
gesuendigt and that this act took place only therefore, so that you
have to admit something. Each confession that you gesuendigt, makes
your Ego smaller and the fame of God larger. The Musen helps you then
to praise and praise the creation order and thus your subjectivity
nevertheless under (famous) the Scheffel to place.

@74
The quantum transition (contactor water man, Jupiter/Uranus)

The paradigm change, the jump in the uncertain, the
Sannyasin, the release from religious dogmas, The fool on the hill,
the knowledge, which one does not know anything

You are vewirrt and orientationless, can hold you hardly
still to the old person and feel clearly that you would have to
actually jump out (from the old person). But naturally: You are too
cowardly for this step. But on your further way you - sooner or later
- will have to take a new approach. It concerns to find a new sense
which differs seriously from the old for you. Find new areas of life,
perhaps even new friends, whom more sense for you makes than the past.
You are to jump, you must - really shortly -!

@75
The Pythia (contactor/fish, Jupiter/Neptun)

The intuition, the Orakel Priesterin, the Astrologie
(interpretation of the Horoskope), the deep sense of the suggestion

You clasp yourself to a concrete advice or a prophetische
statement, that gave you someone. Thus you are in the trap. You lose
yourself to a deceitful world, which gives, a mirror-image-ritual to
be and are nevertheless always just as far from it distant as you from
your truth. An old esoterisches word says: Asked, what means somewhat,
the answer reads: It does not say itself! It does not say itself with
words! But you can suspect it soon: It says itself - in pictures. The
map would like that you begin to trust your intuition. To leave you
likewise on it, as on your intellect. It is the other one, the female
side of understanding. And humans are only then perfect if he learned
to go over the bridge from the "knowing to the suspecting".

@76
The shank (steinbock/ water man, Saturn/ Uranus)

The positive pressure, the thrown stone, the spanning, the
threatening explosion, the extortion

Your problem consists of the fact that you - on a deep level
- are a prisoner and that the tension, which this condition brings
with itself continues to increase still. You can do here nothing to
release except the lattices. You have to learn here "only" that you
are a "thrown stone". Only by accepting the flight path of this stone,
which is certain clearly and cannot at which you nothing at all
change, you - on the course - become free.

@77
The Moira (stone support/fish, Saturn/Neptun)

The reconciliation with the fate, the wisdom, the
Verbitterung, the faint before the fate, the thaw, which matures

You stand - like every other humans also - with your fate on
war foot. And you can now find out that you are about to take a path
which makes you unlebendig and hard. Two forces struggle for your
soul: the wisdom and the Verbitterung. You are on the best way, even
to the MOIRA become. Good-naturedly and knowing you look then into the
world, full sympathy and a quiet regret those opposite, which fight so
hard against their fate. Your wisdom will then become an example for
its hopes. An example, which you and them in their heavy hours to
remember are able.

@78
The Gralsfrage (water man/fish, Uranus/Neptun)

The welfare question, the eternal search, missing persons the
knowledge, the objectively unconscious, the depth of the ark type, the
Ur-reason, the search for God, (also: The wrong question!)

You run a wrong question afterwards and often fall thereby on the
nose. Make clear to you that you must find a new question. A question,
which does not have no more you to the center. Your falling down
serves only this purpose. It could be likewise the fact that there are
no more answers here and that only may spread to leaving. You are then
a leading, are subject higher powers (objectives) and learn again (you
have it than one year's one already once learned) that one must fall
down, so that one learns to run.
